Feat(doc): Improve documentation (#64)
marmelab/atomic-crm: doc/developer/03-manual-deploy.md

# Deploying Manually to Production

## Supabase Configuration

> To configure Supabase, please have a look at [dedicated configuration guide](./supabase-configuration.md).

Reviewer: Following the numbered steps in the main README, this should be already done.

I you really want to keep this section I suggest a rewrite like

```suggestion
This guide assumes you have already configured your Supabase instance. Id you did not, please have a look at the [dedicated configuration guide](./01-supabase-configuration.md).
```
